according to the internet if you're in
college you're required to survive off
this stuff so you can save money by
sacrificing your health while
accumulating debt for a degree you won't
use for a job that will be done by
robots by the time you don't graduate
because you realize you're in the wrong
program two years too late but it
doesn't matter because climate change is
gonna destroy us all yeah education use
again cooking yeah you totally suck the
first thing you want to do when you're
making instant ramen is check for waves
that's weak-ass broth syndrome just make
the broth and give it a taste
if you've got waves then there's two
ways to address it one you can add more
flavor with some bullion you can also
just start with bullion and ditch that
flavor pack altogether or shove it in
your roommates tank ass shoes too you
can add less water or subtract more
water I usually use about half the
recommended water because I'm a bit of a
maniac if you don't own a measuring cup
one tall can holds two cups of beer
which is the equivalent of two cups of
water
our first modified rum and his poached
eggs which is great for breakfast or
literally any other time at all the
first thing you want to do is steal a
scallion from your roommate slip one out
of the bag
snap a leaf off your roommates house
plant then roll it up and replace it
then just tape a weed onto the plant and
they'll never ever know then grab a
couple eggs which are taped to the
ceiling of your fridge to keep your
roommates from stealing from you now
chop up that scallion and do a better
time in the future when you've graduated
and you can finally buy a knife that's
sharp boil the water adjust the broth to
combat labs add in the scallions cook
the nudes until they're soft crack in
the eggs then cover with a lid until
they're nicely poached these are nicely
overcooked but that's just fine I still
have you the next recipe is spicy peanut
broccoli which will help you through
your two-week vegetarian phase we're
gonna combat waves by creating a whole
new flavor we're gonna go with the
veggie chemical pack a teaspoon of hot
sauce and one to two tablespoons of
natural peanut butter a handful of
scallions will smash up some broccoli
and throw a handful of that in there get
the noodles in there and use a bit of
aggression to take the edge off the
vegetarianism
once that's spoiled for a couple minutes
grab a bowl and
gross when you live with roommates you
can't let stuff like this slide you got
to be a good proactive communicator dear
face rude one of your roommates but I'm
not gonna say who
some people are honestly just so
inconsiderate and I got a bit distracted
and boiled off too much of the water but
honestly it's still amazing and I highly
recommend trying this one to be
successful in college means staying
organized before you go to bed make a
list of what you're gonna accomplish in
the morning pick up the clothes you're
gonna wear the next day and above all do
not have that first drill
my head okay alright everyone makes
mistakes
you got a regroup and just make sure you
don't
[Music]
to get rid of your hangover starter the
PDL a latte and then we're gonna make
hangover ramen we're gonna fry up some
chopped bacon bring one cup of water to
a boil cooled off fried bacon a
tablespoon of salted butter and a bunch
of grated Parmesan
now get the noodles in and cook it down
till it's a hundred percent our Theresa
meant not to be confused with baking
cement mmm
baking cement the reason this helps with
a hangover is because the grease and fat
help the guilt to slide right out of
your body and I feel so much better I'm
gonna work on my startup because I know
my degree isn't going anywhere but my
dot-com is gonna blow up I'm sure of it
for a day a heavy codeine I like to use
a veggie pack a tablespoon of Indian
curry paste a handful of scallions don't
judge just accept it they make
everything better and a half can of
chickpeas the company building is called
wash email Sheen you know how hard it is
their quarters at a laundromat well for
a monthly fee we mail you a washing
machine with the quarters already inside
it so you can just wash your clothes
then send it back with the provided
envelope also if you suck at chopsticks
and forks grab a pair of scissors and
snip up the noodles to make them super
spoon friendly this last one is great
for a date with yourself as long as
you're not still vegetarian throw in a
beef packet add in a wack load of
spinach which has infinite drinkability
potentials so go nuts
throw in the nudes until they're soft
then chop up some steak throw that in
and let it cook for a minute I can hear
the barbecue purist from here oh we call
it dude boiling steak well you're not
wrong I mean if you're dead you're not
gonna boil anything by the way this
one's 100% keto friendly provided you
only eat the steak keep in mind this
isn't just a square of precooked noodle
this is a palliative opportunity with
infinite potential just like the
infinite potential of your own life
which you are mostly wasting on the
internet just like the rest of us but at
least we're wasting our lives together
but seriously let's all try to get
outside more or at least watch more
videos that were shot there Raman I want
to thank hellofresh for sponsoring this
video if you haven't heard of them then
eh you probably live here and be the
reveal kit subscription service that
makes it super easy to just cook and eat
without the stress of having to go out
in public one of the many ways they make
it simple is the pre-measured
ingredients which means you're not gonna
have a bottle of weird vinegar sitting
in your cupboard for four years because
you wanted to make that thing that time
the meals are designed so you can make
them in around 30 minutes it's also
great for getting out of your comfort
zone if you want to learn to cook new
things I learn new stuff every time I
get a box and that's my favorite thing
about it if you're a parent and your
kids have gone off to college there's no
better way to show them you love them
than by sending them money but if you
love them slightly less than that well
for $60 off that's $20 off your first
three boxes go to hello fresh comm and
enter code y sach 60